# The Last Tank
Aim small, miss small!
## What is The Last Tank?
The Last Tank is an upcoming top down war game that tests the players ability to fight agianst the hordes of the AI controlling their own tanks. You'll need to defeat the AI before they can develop a weapon to wipe out humanity. Battling through the AI tanks, The Last Tank will have to defeat the brain of the AI and save humanity. The AI is smart and will charge The Last Tank down until they are destroyed or victorious. The AI will have tanks with special abilties and will attempt to overwhelm The Last Tank. In order to defeat the AI once and for all, The Last Tank have halted their retreat and turned to fight in order to prevent the AI from destorying one of the last holds of humanity. The player then takes control of The Last Tank and must lead it to victory.
## Mechanics in The Last Tank
The main goal is to defeat the AI forces and defeat the final boss of the game. The player can move to dodge incoming fire and can ricochet shots fired that hit the player at an oblique angle. In order to progress, levels will need to be completed with increasing levels of difficulty through numbers of enemies and the strength of those enemies, by defeating all enemies on the level. Progress saves will be after each level and will allow the player, if they fail a level, to retry the level they lost. 

The player will have a main cannon that has 3 total ammo types: Standard, Sabot, and HEAT. Standard shells are, well, standard. They have average damage, bullet speed, and angled performance. Sabot shells have average damage, the highest speed, and the worst angled performance. HEAT shells have the highest damage, worst speed, and standard angled performance. 

The enemies will have access to one shell, dependent on the enemy type, and will have the same characteristics as the player's ammo, except for the sniper. However, there are different types of enemies that can have different speeds and fire rates. The types of enemies are Standard, Recon, Light, Heavy, and Sniper. The Standard enemy has standard movement speed, fire rate, health, and uses standard ammo. The Recon enemy has the fastest speed, the fastest fire rate, the lowest health, and uses standard ammo. The Light enemy has faster speed, standard fire rate, lower health, and uses HEAT ammo. The Heavy enemy has the slowest speed, slower fire rate, the highest health, and uses Sabot ammo. The Sniper enemy has slower speed, the slowest fire rate, the lowest health, and uses the special ammo, missile. The missile has the highest damage, able to instantly kill the player, but tied with the HEAT shell for bullet speed. Sniper enemies will be a rare spawn and will be a "glass cannon" enemy.
## The Story
Humans attempted to make the most powerful AI ever created. However, they made an AI that could think for itself. By the time they noticed, it was too late. The AI had already started creating a corporial body and was able to mass produce those bodies. However, the humans started destorying each and every AI body they could find and started a war against all AI. The humans used all military force they could, and tanks were the most effective weapon agains the AI. However, the AI made tanks of their own and were better than the ones the humans were using. After days of retreat, one commander had to make a stand. He couldn't retreat any longer and decided to stand and fight. This completely caught the AI off guard; they did not expect the humans to act so irrationally. The AI were taken aback and now regrouped to deal the final blow to the human forces. Now it is up to you to strike the AI before they are ready, lead The Last Tank into battle...
## The Main Threat
Apart from the enemies in The Last Tank, the major competitor with The Last Tank is the Wii Game "Tanks!" While that game has been out for some time, the popularity of the Wii and the fondness of memories playing Tanks! could cause issues for The Last Tank becuase of people having to download another game and use keyboard and mouse, since The Last Tank is only planned for PC. The main distinguishing factors to not make The Last Tank a copy is the differnet types of ammuntion that the player can use, the ability to deflect shots fired at the oblique angles of the tanks, and the health differences, where tanks can take more than one shot. These differences will hopefully set The Last Tank apart from Tanks! and other game within the genre.
